Update tag_pipelines.md now that we do support tag pipelines for CCM … (#32240)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/tags/tag_pipelines.md

With [Tag Pipelines][1], you can create tag rules to address missing or incorrect tags on your cloud bills. You can also create new inferred tags that align with specific business logic to enhance the accuracy of your cost tracking.

> Tag pipelines are applied to Cloud Cost metrics from all providers, and apply to both cost data and cost recommendations.

Reviewer: Minor tweak for improved flow (and to avoid double use of "apply").

```suggestion
Tag Pipelines apply to Cloud Cost metrics from all providers, affecting both cost data and cost recommendations.
```
